webgpu building option (#2311)
cocos/cocos-docs: en/editor/publish/publish-web.md

The picture above is the preview of the Web Mobile platform. Notice that the game view occupies the entire browser window, while the game view of Web Desktop has a fixed resolution and will not fill the screen.

### With WebGPU

> Cocos Creator support WebGPU as rendering backend for building Web-Desktop since 3.6.2, just enable `WebGPU` when building Web-Desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WebGPU](https://www.w3.org/TR/webgpu/) is the next generation GPU API for the web. Cocos Creator supports WebGPU as rendering backend for building Web-Desktop since 3.6.2, just enable `WebGPU` option in the build panel when building Web-Desktop.
```

Things are little different with `WebGPU` option enabled. When building done, locate the resource folder by click the folder icon in the building panel. You can either start an http-server or nginx server to make it accessible for browsers via `localhost:8080`(for instance).

> Remember to check the compability with your browsers with WebGPU, see chapter **Browser Compatibility** below for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As WebGPU standard is still a working draft, it's not widely supported on all browsers yet. So please remember to check the compatibility of WebGPU on your browser, see chapter **Browser Compatibility** below for details.
```

### Browser Compatibility

The desktop browsers tested during the development of Cocos Creator include: **Chrome**, **Firefox** and **QQ Browser**. Other browsers can be used normally as long as the kernel version is high enough. For the browser, please do not enable IE compatibility mode.

Browsers tested on mobile devices include: **Safari (iOS)**, **Chrome (Android)**, **QQ Browser (Android)** and **UC Browser (Android)**.

For WebDesktop with `WEBGPU` option enabled, only specific version of chromium is supported for now.
Chromium history version is available [here](https://vikyd.github.io/download-chromium-history-version/#/), the latest version of 105 is well supported. You may have a check on the target platform before downloading.

> Runing chromium, type `chrome://flags`, search webgpu, enable `WebGPU Developer Features` and relaunch chromium, then everything is prepared for your journey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After chromium is opened, visit `chrome://flags` in the address bar, then enable `WebGPU Developer Features` and reopen chromium, then everything is set for you to try your project rendered with WebGPU.
```
